It was all my fault before the eldest young master
I came to apologize to you
You humiliated me so much before
Now run over and apologize
It's late, sir
I didn't know your identity before
I was wrong.
I was really wrong, just forgive me once.
What do you mean?
Those ordinary people can bully people at will
I don't go out high
You bullies
I don't want to see you for a moment
How is the sun?
So delicious I used to
I have never eaten anything so delicious
Big Sun
What else do you need to do in your career now?
Then I will take you back to the capital to see your wife
Well, you go to work first, don't worry about me.
So this is the life of the rich.
So rich
Who dares to be my master and don't want to live anymore?
What do you mean?
I got dirty because I didn't open the way
You look familiar.
Who are you?
Do you remember last night at the bar?
You let people hit me
OK
Look at the door of that bar yesterday, you came here
What are we doing at home?
Our family is not going to see that baby
Who said I'm here to be a security guard, not a security guard?
Still here to be a nanny
That's good, you dirty my floor.
You lick me clean with your mouth
Then if I hire you
Yo, the boy has a good temper, if you refuse
I don't mind letting yesterday happen again
Ha ha.
Hahahaha, don't go too far.
I curse too much
I have this qualification.
Master, I am from Wanjia in the capital
Wanjia, I let you stand
You have to stand. I want you to lie down
You have to lie down
Do you know, Sister Wan, stop